Test DAGs guide update (#1814)
astronomer/docs: learn/debugging-dags.md

> This guide was written for Airflow 2. If you are running Airflow 1.15 or earlier, we highly recommend upgrading to prevent compatibility issues and receive the latest bug fixes. For assistance in upgrading see the documentation on [Upgrading from 1.10 to 2](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/upgrading-from-1-10/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide was written for Airflow 2. If you are running Airflow 1.15 or earlier, upgrade to prevent compatibility issues and receive the latest bug fixes. For assistance in upgrading see the documentation on [Upgrading from 1.10 to 2](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/upgrading-from-1-10/index.html).
```
